doc: improve os.homedir() docs (#28401)
nodejs/node: doc/api/os.md

* Returns: {string}

The `os.homedir()` method returns the home directory of the current user as a
string.

> * `*NIX:`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`POSIX:`
```

> Will use `$HOME` env var if defined, if it is not defined, will get the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Will use the `$HOME` environment variable if defined. Otherwise, it will use the
```

effective user home directory

> * `Windows:`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Windows:
```

> Will use `USERPROFILE` env var if defined, if it is not, will returns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Will use the `USERPROFILE` environment variable if defined. Otherwise it will be
```

The `os.homedir()` method returns the home directory of the current user as a
string.

POSIX:
Will use the `$HOME` environment variable if defined. Otherwise, it will use

> the effective user home directory.

Author: Sr yes sr! Would you recommend me a confident font, a respected one? I mean, I won't quote Wikipedia

> the effective user home directory.

Reviewer 2: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_identifier#Effective_user_ID is actually pretty good, IMO. It's clear on that the EUID is what is used for most access checks and from that it follows why `os.homedir()` would use the effective rather than the real UID. 

https://stackoverflow.com/a/32456814 is also okay.

Windows:
Will use the `USERPROFILE` environment variable if defined. Otherwise it

> will be the path to the root directory of the current user.

Reviewer 2: Maybe s/root/home/ and "as returned by GetUserProfileDirectory()" at the end? The current phrasing isn't exactly wrong but I don't know if "root directory" is traditional Windows nomenclature.

Author: I do not know, libuv is calling `GetUserProfileDirectoryW()` method on windows, and looking at the [documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/desktop/api/userenv/nf-userenv-getuserprofiledirectoryw) "root directory" is mentioned as "notation", what do you think?

Reviewer 2: MSDN calls it the "profile directory" which seems like a good name. Sounds reasonable?

Author: Sounds much much clear! I'll make those changes

The `os.homedir()` method returns the home directory of the current user as a
string.

> POSIX:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**POSIX**:
```

Author: Thank you!, fixed on [a2f0be8](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/28401/commits/a2f0be843a5390b870960948d654fc8c75538a9a)

Will use the `$HOME` environment variable if defined. Otherwise, it will use

> the [effective UID](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_identifier#Effective_user_ID)

Author: @bnoordhuis Wikipedia seems to be a better option, Effective user id is better explained there; I choosed that one over the [stackoverflow reference](https://stackoverflow.com/a/32456814) because making a link of "effective UID", by reading, looks like a definition instead of "comparison" or "differences" between the others UID models in POSIX.

By the way, I found a [paper](https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~daw/papers/setuid-usenix02.pdf), take a look at the page 2, "User ID Model"; also the [POSIX docs](http://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9699919799/), on Definitions section, the definition number 3.142 corresponds to "Effective user ID"

What do you think?

Reviewer: Although I personally prefer inline links like you've done here (because it keeps the raw markdown more usable IMO), the docs tend to use referenced links (which are at the bottom of the doc in alphabetical order). I'm fine with this landing as-is, but if you want to make it a reference link for consistency, that's cool too.

Author: I'm on it!

to look up the user's home directory.

> Windows:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Windows**:
```

  </tr>
</table>

> [Android building]: https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/master/BUILDING.md#androidandroid-based-devices-eg-firefox-os

Author: @Trott  Just re-order and put a new reference!

Reviewer: I always call it alphabetical order, but it's actually ASCII order so that it can be easily correctly ordered by a tool. So the original location for this was correct. And your EUID link would come after it. Sorry for all the confusing particulars here!

[`process.arch`]: process.html#process_process_arch
[`process.platform`]: process.html#process_process_platform
[Android building]: https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/master/BUILDING.md#androidandroid-based-devices-eg-firefox-os

> [EUID]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_identifier#Effective_user_ID

Author: @trott Reordered by ASCII !
